CROWLER? CROWLER!
OUR BIGGEST FEAR
JUST CAME TRUE, MONSIEUR.
DON'T TELL ME.
THE FACULTY KITCHEN
HAS RUN OUT OF FONDUE?
IT'S WORSE
THAN THAT.
ACTUALLY, IT'S
KIND OF A TOSS-UP.
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD
IS BACK, AND HE'S
HEADED THIS WAY.
OH, DEAR,
AND IF HE STAYS,
THAT MEANS I'LL BE DEMOTED
TO VICE CHANCELLOR.
WAIT, BUT I'M
THE VICE CHANCELLOR.
YOU CAN'T BID ME ADIEU
JUST LIKE THAT.
WATCH ME,
LITTLE MAN.
THEN I'LL TELL SHEPPARD
EVERYTHING YOU'VE DONE.
YOU WOULDN'T DARE,
OR I'LL TELL HIM ABOUT
ALL OF YOUR SHENANIGANS,
LIKE THE NEW WHITE DORM.
Sheppard:
WHAT WHITE DORM?
THE CHANCELLOR!
THANKS FOR KEEPING
MY SEAT WARM WHILE
I'VE BEEN AWAY, CROWLER,
BUT NOW I'M BACK,
AND THERE'S IMPORTANT
BUSINESS TO DISCUSS.
OHH...
WHAT CAN I DO
TO ASSIST YOU, SIR?
I'M HELPFUL.
GATHER ALL THE STUDENTS.
I HAVE AN IMPORTANT
ANNOUNCEMENT TO MAKE,
AND IT AFFECTS EVERYONE.
IT'S GOING TO CHANGE
OUR LIVES.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
SO, WHAT'S
THE BIG SECRET?
DOES THIS MEAN
CROWLER IS FIRED?
I HOPE SO.
YEAH.
I HEARD SHEPPARD IS BACK.
NO WAY.
WAY.
HERE HE IS.
IT'S TRUE.
FIRST OF ALL,
IT'S GOOD TO BE BACK.
JUDGING BY YOUR CLOTHES,
WE'VE GOT A POPULAR
NEW WHITE DORM ON CAMPUS.
SORRY.
WELL, DESPITE THESE CHANGES,
I'M STILL IN CHARGE,
AND I HAVE A SPECIAL GIFT
TO OFFER ALL OF YOU.
COOL. FREE STUFF.
I BET
IT'S A CAR.
A GIFT?
MAN, IT'S GOOD TO HAVE
SHEPPARD BACK, ISN'T IT?
SURE IS, JAY.
HE'S THE BEST.
WELL, ANYTHING'S BETTER
THAN CROWLER, RIGHT?
Sheppard: AHEM!
LET THE POOR MAN
SPEAK!
WHY, THANK YOU,
LITTLE MAN.
AND NOW...
I GIVE YOU
THE "GX DUELING TOURNAMENT,"
A COMPETITION FOR THE NEXT
GENERATION OF MASTER DUELISTS.
IT'S LIKE NOTHING YOU'VE EVER
EXPERIENCED BEFORE,
AND IT STARTS RIGHT NOW.
DUELISTS FROM AROUND THE GLOBE
WILL CONVERGE HERE.
STUDENTS AND PROFESSIONALS
ARE WELCOME,
AND WHEN THE DUST SETTLES
AND ONLY ONE DUELIST REMAINS,
HE WILL BE KNOWN
AS THE WORLD'S GREATEST.
THAT'S ME.
I'LL BEAT
ALL THE PROS.
[THINKING] PROS?
LIKE MY BROTHER?
THE ENTIRE ISLAND
IS YOUR FIELD.
TO START, YOU'LL EACH
GET A GX MEDALLION.
THE RULES ARE SIMPLE.
YOU MUST ACCEPT THE FIRST DUEL
YOU'RE CHALLENGED TO,
AND YOU MUST PARTICIPATE
IN AT LEAST ONE DUEL EACH DAY.
IF YOU WIN, YOU GET ALL
OF YOUR OPPONENT'S MEDALS.
THE FINAL WINNER
WILL BE EASY TO SPOT.
THEY'LL HAVE
ALL THE MEDALLIONS.
DURING MY TRAVELS,
I'VE MET SOME OF THE WORLD'S
MOST TALENTED DUELISTS.
THEY HAVE ALL BEEN INVITED
BECAUSE I TRULY BELIEVE
YOU ARE AS GOOD AS THEY ARE.
NOW GET OUT THERE AND MAKE
YOUR CHANCELLOR PROUD, WILL YA?
ALL RIGHT.
WHAT'RE WE WAITIN' FOR?
I'VE GOT
A TOURNAMENT TO WIN.
DON'T FORGET
LAST YEAR.
THE GRAND PRIZE
WAS A KISS.
Dorothy:
THAT'S RIGHT.
HI.
UGH, THINK
I'LL PASS.
SO, TELL ME, WHO'S GONNA
BE YOUR FIRST VICTIM?
I'M JUST GONNA GO FIND
THE WORST DUELIST
IN THE SCHOOL.
NO DOUBT.
I GOT MY SIGHTS SET
ON THAT SHORT KID
WITH THE BLUE HAIR.
Syrus:
I HATE TOURNAMENTS.
HOW'M I SP'OSTA DO THIS?
WELL, MY PLAN IS
TO LET SOMEONE ELSE
GATHER UP
ALL THE MEDALLIONS.
HEY, THAT'S NOT
A BAD STRATEGY.
THEN YOU CAN
BEAT THEM AND TAKE
ALL THEIR MEDALS, RIGHT?
THAT'S
THE BASIC IDEA.
GIMME
A BREAK, SON.
THAT PLAN IS
DOWNRIGHT WIMPY.
ALL RIGHT, GUYS.
WHO WANTS TA GET THEIR GAME ON?
THINK I'LL CHECK OUT
THE COMPETITION.
WELL, LOOKS LIKE IT'S DOWN
TO THE 3 OF US.
SO, WHO'S GAME?
NO WAY I'M
DUELIN' YOU FIRST.
I'M LOOKIN' FOR
SOMEONE MORE--
WELL, SOMEONE
I KNOW I CAN
EASILY DEFEAT.
AND WHO
WOULD THAT BE?
HA HA HA!
UM...
JUST GREAT.
TRUESDALE,
WHATTA YA SAY?
THAT'S EASY.
HEEEEELP!
COME BACK HERE!
I'M GONNA TAKE
THE FIGHT OUTTA YOU!
THE GREATEST DUELISTS
IN THE WORLD ARE GONNA
BE RIGHT HERE,
SO THERE'S JUST
ONE THING TO DO--
GET MY GAME ON.
Chazz: DON'T WORRY,
MASTER SARTORIUS.
YOU CAN COUNT
ON THE CHAZZ
TO KICK SOME
MAJOR TOURNAMENT BUTT
AND MAKE THESE LOSERS
SEE THE LIGHT.
IF YOU'LL
EXCUSE ME...
HUH?
Alexis: MASTER,
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
IS THERE ANYTHING
WE CAN DO FOR YOU, SIR?
HE'S FINE.
THERE'S ONE THING WE
CAN DO, AND THAT'S WIN.
THIS IS OUR CHANCE
TO PROVE OUR POWER.
ALL HAIL
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT.
All: ALL HAIL
ALL HAIL THE SOCIETY
OF LIGHT.
[THINKING] AND THIS
IS A CHANCE FOR ME
TO FINALLY PROVE MY POWER,
AS WELL,
NO MATTER WHO
GETS IN MY WAY.
[DOOR OPENS]
HMM?
SARTORIUS.
WELL, AT LAST WE MEET.
WELCOME.
THANK YOU.
I'VE BEEN MOST IMPRESSED
WITH YOUR STUDENTS,
CHANCELLOR.
HMM...
WHAT'S WRONG?
DO I SENSE A SLIGHT
TONE OF MISTRUST?
THERE'S NO NEED
FOR YOU TO FEAR ME.
I SAVED THE WORLD
FROM EVIL SHADOW RIDERS.
WHY WOULD I FEAR
A SCRAWNY MISFIT LIKE YOU?
THAT'S NOT TO SAY I WON'T
KEEP MY EYE ON YOU,
BUT YOU SEEM HARMLESS,
SO I'VE INVITED
THAT DUELIST YOU ASKED FOR.
AHH.
Lindo: WE'RE APPROACHING
DUEL ACADEMY, MY PRINCE.
I'M WELL-AWARE,
AND YOU'RE SURE
THOSE DESTINY HEROES
ARE THERE?
ACCORDING TO MY SOURCES,
THEY WILL BE PRESENT.
I'M TOLD THE CARDS
ARE IN THE POSSESSION
OF "SOMEONE
ON THE ISLAND."
WELL, THIS "SOMEONE"
BEST BE WATCHING
THEIR BACK.
NOW I SUMMON
MY JETROID.
HOW 'BOUT THAT?
PLEASE.
THAT FLYING RUST PILE
DOESN'T HAVE
ENOUGH POINTS TO HURT
ME OR MY MONSTER,
SO YOU'RE OUTTA LUCK.
[THINKING]
THAT'S WHAT HE THINKS,
BUT THANKS TO JETROID'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
AS SOON
AS IT'S ATTACKED,
I CAN USE ANY
TRAP CARD IN MY HAND,
AND WITH
MY MAGIC CYLINDER,
HIS GORILLA'S ATTACK
WILL BACKFIRE,
LEAVING ME
ONE GX MEDAL RICHER.
[GIGGLES]
MR. SHOW-OFF,
YA KNOW WHAT?
I MIGHT
LOOK KINDA SMALL,
BUT I DUEL BIG.
WHATEVER. WATCH THIS.
I SACRIFICE
MY BERSERK GORILLA
TO SUMMON JINZO.
[THINKING]
WITH JINZO OUT THERE,
I CAN'T USE TRAPS.
JINZO, ATTACK.
AAH!
[THINKING] MAYBE
I DON'T DUEL SO BIG.
GUESS YOU DON'T
DUEL SO BIG.
MY THOUGHTS EXACTLY.
I PLAY THE SPELL
POT OF GREED.
GIMME SOMETHING.
YES! NOW
CHECK THIS OUT.
I PLAY EXPRESSROID.
AND HE PICKS UP
SOME PASSENGERS,
SO TWO MONSTERS
MOVE FROM MY GRAVE
TO MY HAND.
THEN I PLAY THIS--
THE SPELL VEHICROID
CONNECTION ZONE.
SO, NOW I CAN FUSE
EXPRESSROID, DRILLOID,
STEALTHROID, AND
TRUCKROID TO CREATE
SUPER VEHICROID
STEALTH UNION.
WAIT. I TAKE IT BACK.
I DON'T WANNA DUEL
AGAINST YOU ANYMORE.
IT'S TOO LATE
FOR THAT NOW.
AAH!
MAYBE NEXT TIME,
YOU'LL TRY PICKIN' ON
SOMEONE YOUR OWN SIZE.
BUT YOU ARE
MY SIZE.
PLAY ALL THE DINOSAURS
YOU WANT.
SEE IF I CARE.
THEY'RE NEVER GONNA
GET PAST MY FRONT LINE.
[THINKING] THIS GUY
IS A FEW SOLDIERS
SHY OF A PLATOON.
HE FORGOT ONE OF
THE CARDINAL RULES
OF DUELIN'--
NEVER,
AND I MEAN NEVER,
GET BETWEEN A HUNGRY
DINO AND HIS NEXT MEAL.
ALL RIGHT, BOYS.
CHOWTIME.
I SACRIFICE GIANT REX
AND ELEMENT SAURUS
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
BLACK TYRANNO...
AND AS THE SAYING GOES,
WHEN OFFENSE MONSTERS
YOU BE LACKIN',
BLACK TRYANNO
'A-COMES ATTACKIN'...
DIRECTLY.
OH!
BLACK TYRANNO,
FORWARD MARCH.
[ROAR]
WAAH!
UH!
YAH HAH!
Bastion: PLAYING
THAT FIELD SPELL
WAS MORE OF A DETRIMENT
THAN A HELP.
OBSERVE.
I ACTIVATE THE MAGIC CARD
LITMUS DOOM,
SO BY SACRIFICING
MY WATER DRAGON,
I'M ABLE TO SUMMON
LITMUS DOOM SWORDSMAN,
AND SINCE THERE'S
A TRAP CARD ON THE FIELD,
HIS POWER
GOES UP TO 3,000.
SHOULD I BE
IMPRESSED?
IT MAY BE STRONG,
BUT I'VE GOT A TRAP--
BACKFIRE.
SO, IF YOUR MONSTER
ATTACKS ME,
IT'LL BOUNCE BACK.
[THINKING]
HE'S RIGHT.
I CAN'T ATTACK
HIS FIRE CHARMER.
I'LL LOSE
MY LIFE POINTS.
BESIDES, SHE'S
TOO CUTE TO ATTACK.
OHH...
AHEM.
I SACRIFICE
MY DOOM SWORDSMAN
SO NOW I CAN SUMMON
PLASMA WARRIOR EITOM...
AND BY DIVIDING ITS
ATTACK POINTS IN HALF,
IT CAN BYPASS
YOUR MONSTER
AND STRIKE YOUR
LIFE POINTS DIRECTLY.
AAH! AAH! AAH!
[YAWN]
[SNIFF]
SO WHERE ARE ALL THESE
"PROFESSIONAL DUELISTS"
SHEPPARD PROMISED?
SHOULDN'T THEY
BE HERE BY NOW?
Syrus: JADEN!
HEY, SARGE!
WE WON.
SWEET.
I KNEW YOU WOULD.
YOU SHOULDA
SEEN ME BACK THERE,
AND LOOK, JAY.
MAYBE NOW I'LL GET
A LITTLE RESPECT.
NUTHIN' LIKE
THE SPOILS OF BATTLE.
THAT'S GREAT.
YOU GOT TWO METALS.
ME, TOO.
AW, WHO AM I TRYING
TO FOOL HERE?
I STILL
HAVEN'T DUELED.
I WAS WAITING FOR
THE PROS TO SHOW UP,
BUT NO LUCK.
I KNEW IT WAS
TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE.
[HELICOPTER APPROACHING]
HUH?
I THINK YOU
SPOKE TOO SOON.
OH.
A PRIVATE
HELI-CRAFT?
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE KNOWS
HOW TO TRAVEL IN STYLE.
HEY, D'YOU
SEE THAT?
IT'S THE ROYAL CREST
OF THE MIZGARTH KINGDOM.
ROYAL CREST?
YEAH.
IT'S ALL OVER
THE NEWS.
DON'T YOU GUYS
READ THE NEWSPAPER?
YOU'RE KIDDING, RIGHT?
WELL, BASICALLY,
THERE'S A SMALL
KINGDOM
THAT JUST
LAUNCHED A SATELLITE
INTO SPACE,
BUT THERE'S
A PROBLEM.
NO ONE KNOWS WHAT
THIS SATELLITE DOES
OR WHY
IT WAS SENT UP,
BUT THE ARTICLE
DID MENTION
THAT THE PRINCE
IS A DUELIST.
NEVER TRUST
ROYALTY.
OH, COME ON.
THIS IS THE DUEL
I'VE BEEN WAITIN' FOR.
HEY!
UH...
HMM...
WAIT.
HE LOOKS HARMLESS.
MR. PRINCE,
I CHALLENGE--
Sartorius:
GREETINGS, PRINCE OJIN,
AND WELCOME
TO DUEL ACADEMY.
MY APOLOGIES.
YOU HAVEN'T TRAVELED ALL
THIS WAY FOR CHILDREN,
SO ALLOW ME TO BE
YOUR FIRST OPPONENT.
HEY, I'M
DUELING HIM.
THAT'S QUITE ENOUGH.
WHY DON'T YOU RUN ALONG
BEFORE YOU ANGER ME?
WHAT? WHO, ME?
SHOULD YOU ACCEPT
MY CHALLENGE,
I WOULD BE HONORED,
YOUR HIGHNESS.
DON'T LISTEN TO
A WORD HE SAYS.
I WAS HERE
FIRST, PRINCE.
WHO HOLDS
THE DESTINY DECK?
IS IT YOU?
HOLD ON. ACCORDING
TO THE RULES,
YOU HAFTA--
I HAVE THE DESTINY CARDS
YOU SPEAK OF.
THEN MY OPPONENT
IS YOU.
GLAD TO HEAR IT.
HUH?
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
I CALLED DIBS
ON THE PRINCE.
Ojin: IF THE INTERRUPTIONS
ARE OVER, LET'S DUEL.
Sartorius:
WITH PLEASURE.
HMM.
Bastion: WAIT!
CHALLENGE ME, MASTER.
OH, GET A LIFE.
SARTORIUS
DOESN'T WANNA DUEL
AGAINST YOU.
GET IT THROUGH
YOUR THICK SKULL.
BUT LOOK AT ALL THE MEDALIONS
I'VE ALREADY WON.
ISN'T HE IMPRESSED?
Chazz: ANY LOSER COULD
WIN A BUNCH 'A MEDALS
FROM SOME SLACKERS.
YEAH, BUT LOOK
AT SARTORIUS.
HE'S DUELING A PRO.
OH, I JUST WANT
TO BE NOTICED.
I'M NOT HERE TO WIN
A CHEAP TRINKET,
SO LET'S PLAY
FOR YOUR DESTINY HEROES.
AS YOU WISH,
AND WHAT'LL
YOU BE WAGERING?
WHAT ABOUT THAT
SATELLITE I'VE HEARD
SO MUCH ABOUT?
WHAT WOULD HE WANT
WITH THAT THING?
WHATEVER IT IS,
IT CAN'T BE GOOD.
NO SWEAT.
THE PRINCE'LL
WHOOP HIS TAIL.
SARTORIUS
CAN'T LOSE.
HE WON'T.
WE JUST HAFTA
TRUST HIM.
HE MUST HAVE A PLAN.
I CAN SEE THE FUTURE,
AND I PREDICT THIS DUEL
WILL END BEFORE MY TURN.
OF COURSE.
IT DOESN'T TAKE
A FORTUNETELLER
TO SEE THAT.
I'LL GO FIRST,
OF COURSE.
I'LL START
BY ACTIVATING THIS--
MY POT OF GREED
SPELL CARD,
SO TWO MORE CARDS
FOR ME.
NICELY DONE.
NEXT, I'LL PLAY
COST DOWN,
AND IT WORKS AS FOLLOWS.
I DISCARD ONE CARD
TO LOWER THE LEVEL
OF A MONSTER IN MY HAND,
AND I CHOOSE
SATELLITE CANNON.
THIS GIVES ME
ULTIMATE POWER,
JUST LIKE MY REAL
SATELLITE DOES,
AND WHEN I UNLEASH
THIS POWER UPON THE WORLD,
I WILL BE
THE MOST POWERFUL MONARCH
EVER TO WALK THE EARTH,
FOR I POSSESS THE LATEST
IN MIND-CONTROL TECHNOLOGY.
VERY DRAMATIC,
A BRAINWASHING PROBE.
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL
IT BELONGS TO ME.
HA HA HA!
BUT YOU SAID IT YOURSELF.
I SHALL WIN,
THANKS TO THIS.
IT'S CALLED CHARGE
AND GIVES MY CANNON
2,000 POINTS.
NOT BAD.
HE WILL WIN.
YEAH, BUT DO
YA REALLY THINK
HE'LL DO IT
BEFORE SARTORIUS'S
FIRST TURN?
Bastion:
IT'S HIGHLY UNLIKELY
SINCE THE PRINCE'S TURN
IS ABOUT TO END.
Ojin:
NOT NECESSARILY,
FOR I ACTIVATE MY MISCHIEF
OF THE TIME GODDESS.
Jaden:
BUT BASTION SAID--
REMEMBER, I SAID
IT WAS UNLIKELY,
NOT IMPOSSIBLE,
AND THIS MOVE
BY THE PRINCE
JUST CHANGED EVERYTHING.
BASTION'S RIGHT.
SARTORIUS'S TURN WAS SKIPPED.
YOU'RE KIDDING.
NOW I CAN
ATTACK AGAIN,
BUT FIRST, I PLAY THIS--
LIMITER REMOVAL.
IT DOUBLES MY SATELLITE'S
ATTACK POINTS TO 4,000.
HE CAN WIPE SARTORIUS OUT
WITH ONE BLAST.
THIS IS UNPRECEDENTED.
WHAT A MOVE.
HE'LL WIN IN ONE TURN.
MASTER SARTORIUS
CAN'T LOSE.
HE PROMISED THE PRINCE
CARDS HE DOESN'T HAVE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
HE WAS BLUFFING.
HA HA HA!
DON'T TAKE THIS
TOO PERSONALLY.
I'M JUST BETTER
THAN YOU.
SATELLITE CANNON, ATTACK.
AAH!
I'LL TAKE
THOSE DESTINY CARDS.
HUH? YOU SURVIVED?
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
YOU'RE CHEATING ME.
CERTAINLY NOT.
I SIMPLY
REMOVED A CARD--
MY ARCANA FORCE 14,
AND THANKS TO ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY,
MY DAMAGE FROM BATTLE
BECOMES ZERO.
I TOLD YOU
THIS DUEL WOULD END
BEFORE MY TURN.
I KNOW.
WHAT I DIDN'T TELL YOU
IS WHO WOULD WIN.
NOW THEN, THE TURN
IS STILL YOURS,
BUT I'VE TAKEN UP ENOUGH
OF YOUR TIME ALREADY,
SO WHY DON'T I
MOVE THINGS ALONG
AND END THIS DUEL?
YOU SPEAK OUT OF TURN,
MASTER SARTORIUS.
I'M NOT FINISHED YET.
I PLAY MY SATELLITE BASE
IN DEFENSE MODE.
IMPRESSED?
NOT ONLY DOES IT GAIN 1,000
DEFENSE POINTS EVERY ROUND,
BUT IT CAN'T BE
DESTROYED BY ANYTHING
LESS THAN
A LEVEL-6 MONSTER,
SO YOU'LL NEVER GET THROUGH
TO MY LIFE POINTS NOW.
BY THE WAY,
IT LOOKS LIKE YOUR
PREDICTION WAS WRONG.
I DISAGREE,
FOR WHENEVER
YOU PLAY A MONSTER,
I CAN SEND THIS SPELL
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
IT'S CALLED
INTERVENTION OF FATE,
AND WHEN IT'S SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
IT ALLOWS ME
TO ACTIVATE A SPELL
CARD FROM MY HAND.
REMEMBER, TECHNICALLY,
THIS IS STILL YOUR TURN.
I PLAY ACE OF SWORD.
THIS SPELL CARD WILL
DECIDE YOUR DESTINY.
SIMPLY CHOOSE
WHEN IT SHOULD STOP.
STOP THAT CARD.
THE BLADE IS POINTING
DOWNWARD, MY PRINCE.
I'M AFRAID YOU LOSE
LIFE POINTS
EQUAL TO A MONSTER
THAT I CHOOSE.
I PICK THAT
SATELLITE CANNON
YOU LOVE SO MUCH,
THE ONE THAT
HAS 4,000 POINTS.
HA HA HA!
[GASP]
OHH...
AAH!
HE WON
IN JUST ONE TURN.
Bastion:
NOT QUITE.
SARTORIUS NEVER
HAD A TURN,
SO HE WON
IN ZERO TURNS.
NOW, THAT'S
IMPRESSIVE.
NICE WIN, SARTORIUS.
JADEN!
MY PRIZE,
IF YOU PLEASE.
A BARGAIN
IS A BARGAIN.
IT'S ALL YOURS NOW.
HMM.
GOOD LUCK.
I WILL NOT
LET YOU.
THE SATELLITE
IS FAR TOO DANGEROUS.
MY PRINCE, I THINK
YOU'RE MAKING A HUGE MISTAKE,
YOUR HIGHNESS.
STOP! HE DEFEATED ME
FAIR AND SQUARE,
AND I'VE ALWAYS BEEN
A MAN OF MY WORD.
YOUR PRIZE.
WITHIN IT ARE
THE SATELLITE'S CONTROLS.
THANK YOU,
YOUR EXCELLENCE.
AHH.
WHAT A DAY,
DONCHA THINK, GUYS?
PRINCES,
DANGEROUS SATELLITES--
NOW, THAT'S THE WAY YOU KICK OFF
A DUELING TOURNAMENT.
CAN'T WAIT TILL TOMORROW.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪